Hello, everyone.
Welcome.
Let's solve this problem, which is literally largest sum.
And believe me or not, for this particular section, that is partitioning problems.
This would be the best problem.
You will see it.
So feel free to pause the video, solve this only first and then come back because it's a very interesting
problem and it will actually test it.
How much you have understood dynamic programming and some connections.
So given and add in nums which consist of non-negative integers and an integer m.
You can split the Addington M non M.D. contiguous summaries.
Basically, the first point is that I have to split the R into not m non.
I'm going to exacerbate it raised.
Right.
So let's say I have an area of land.
Then just a quick question in how many ways I can split into m non empty.
Contiguous memories.
Just think about it in how many ways to do this, how many ways are possible?
It's a this is a very easy combinatorics problem as well as you can solve it using dynamic programming.
So basically what it means is this this algorithm called stocks algorithm.
Um.
Thousand bucks, maybe, let's call it technique, stars and bugs.
So basically, what does it mean that let's see if I have any stars.
So this will come handy a lot that I'm in stores and let me make those ties.
Okay.
Eight and I have some embers.
I.
So some of the problem is simple.
I want to place em, but let's get em.
So here I am is equal to one, two, three, four, five, six, seven and is seven and am is equal
to, let's say three.
I want to place m bars in these between these one, two, three, four, five, six, six places.
I want to place three.
Both eight.
If I place three bars, that means I will divide this around or contiguous areas or not in going to
go.
So it is eight.
So what are the number of ways of placing three bars?
In end, minus one, there is these six.
Places to do the stars and bars, and it is used in many, many places.
So it is.
And minus one because in many places and how many bars have to place and minus four where it is 62,
which is six into five divided by.
Two.
It is 58.
So in 15 number of years, I can.
I can divide an area of land seven into border for raid or.
Okay.
I think.
Yeah.
In three.
So.
So if mystery.
What is the meaning of him.
The number of.
The number of bars and places ready to peer make me again.
It really it I think I got a little confused.
Oh, yeah.
So right now what we have is a seven and a mystery.
So let's say M is not the number of bars, but the number of.
Politicians.
I wanted to know if M is number of partitions then this is valid, but if M is the number of bars then
it should be ns and minus one cm eight.
So if I want to divide this area into three partitions, it means I have to place.
Due to bias between these six places.
If I place two bars anywhere, I can see we have three partitions, so don't get confused because I
got confused eight.
So depends on what you are considering this m as it is, bars are the z partitions right now.
Let's say this partitions and and partitions two n minus one m minus one bars right now tell me in how
many ways can a divide in that length seven into four going to go separate which is 78 sorry 63 it.
Though.
This one about stars in bars.
This is okay.
This isn't the problem.
But I know this is not Avery, and the problem is really nice.
So he says that I had an algorithm to minimize the largest sum among these m so berries minimize the
largest sum among these.
M Berries.
There are multiple ways to solve this problem.
One, ways to apply binary search aid.
But I will not go deeper into that because I will leave it to you.
You can try it yourself.
There are other ways as well.
But let's see.
Let's approach this problem using dynamic programming.
What I would do is I have to minimize the largest.
Some of these are areas that I have partitions.
So basically partitions.
How many partitions and partitions if I have M partitions and.
That means I will have some some more deliberations.
What I want to do is I want to minimize the largest sum of all those partitions.
So.
Okay, let me.
Yeah.
Let me generalize things here.
So let's have this.
Even if this is an area and every five, six, seven, eight, eight, eight and let's.
And partitioning this area into some partitions.
Correct.
And now what will happen?
This is going to do a three of what if I basically.
Seven and eight.
Eight.
And now let's see.
These are some.
Even though they do, let's call it someone colored some too.
I'm just partitioning the food.
So right now let's say I'm is equal to 14 and is equal to one, two, three, four, five, six, eight,
eight.
And this is some tree and this is some food.
So out of all the partitions possible are to partition it in such a way such that the.
Largest sum among these aims of it is that is max of this some one some do.
Some tree and some for.
Wherever is the maximum them is minimized.
There should be a minimum rate.
So this is one example.
The second partition can be if let's say if I move it over here, then someone changes rate.
So I have to figure out the minimum value of the maximum value of these partitions.
That means basically it's kind of a compression rate.
Just imagine that I'm compressing these sums so that the maximum sum among them is minimum.
That means I can't compress further.
So it's like compressing things to a minimum value so that the maximum is now at its lowest.
If I remember, it cannot be removed even further because if I wait for that, then there is some other
value that will come up.
That's the minimum threshold under which I can.
All right.
So, yeah.
So let's create a degree of free and deep state, which is nothing but simple, like on my arm, which
stands for this array, starting from a.
For Eddie.
Starting.
But one thing you must have noticed that what any other day big problems.
What we see is what they ask.
So they asked the minimum of the largest, some rain.
So that's what we will make our state always made before for that is starting from.
I ed to nix.
Tell me.
What is?
Or tell me.
Minimum some.
The largest.
Or minimum value of the largest rate.
Minimum value of the largest sum.
If.
If I partition the area into and partitions.
So if I.
Partition theory.
This.
Thing for them.
I just.
Let's pause for a moment and think about it.
This is simple rate for a particular iron for a particular arm.
It will say that for this area, let's say I have this added gold event and so on.
Right.
So if I see.
What is it of what is deep of two comma three that means for this area from two to n.
If I partitioned it into two, if I partition into three parts, then what?
What will be the minimum value of the maximum sum that is among all of them?
Cool.
So yeah.
So now what we'll do is we'll try to partition will try to make a partition starting from eight eight.
So the time when I and I'm going to make one partition of what I always sees, we're just making this
partition from let's see.
He is here and let's say I'm moving a jet which is making the current partition ready to do and start
from my and you can go to wherever you want to go.
Right.
So let's do the video.
So this is a partition that I'm trying to figure out the answer for that if I make this partition from
this I to this day, that is this partition, right?
Then how will I make my recursive relation?
What, what stage will my recorded relation depend on right when making a partition.
Why I do that, I can simply say, okay, for the remaining area, tell me what is the minimum value
of the largest sum?
If I partition the agenda m minus one partition, we are now made of another partition.
So this will be nothing where deep deep j plus one because it is a partition comma m minus one.
So let's just assume that deep j plus one combined minus one returns me the minimum value of the largest
sum.
If I partition the array starting from 4 to 6 into m minus one partition, let's introduce me that eight.
So how am I going to connect it to my current recursive relation deep?
AM Just think about it.
I just positively because this is the most interesting part of this problem.
Eight So when I tried this problem two three years ago, I actually spend maybe two 3 hours on it,
but.
At the time, I was just learning the new programming by directly solving problems.
Just think about it.
How will I make this connection between the BGA plus one and minus one and AM eight?
What?
What are the problems that.
If I'm considering this partition, that means DP AM should be the minimum of it.
It should have the minimum value of the largest sum.
So now what I have is I have this sum as well.
And the value of the largest sum is already coming from DPA plus one comedy minus one for the remaining
88.
So I will see whatever is the maximum amount, this sum.
Farmer b b.
B plus one comma.
M minus one.
I have the some.
Or let's call it some I.D. instead of this summary.
But it's some idea.
Some idea.
That is the sum of I do.
I might.
But whatever is the maximum value of this sum and the minimum value of the largest sum that I'm getting
from the other party is generic.
What is a maximum on them?
What I want is I want their minimum for all the.
But.
I want the minimum for all the death rate as their day starts from I and they will go till lesson and
it's a this is what is deep a coma and if I want to generalize it I'll just simply say that DPA Coma
M is nothing, but it is the minimum value because for all the partitions that I am making, what I
want is I made a partition, I've got a sun and I have the next answer, which is after the partition
they dividing it into a minus one.
But however it is giving me, I don't have to worry about it.
I just have to worry about how can I make the current?
How can I make the current debate impossible?
Because in the similar fashion, the next to be de plus one and minus one will be possible that will
be formed.
But right now what I simply say is what all the parties and that I'm making just tell me what is the
minimum value of the maximum sum rate to minimum value of the maximum sum that is.
Possible.
And.
What is the maximum that is what is the minimal of the maximum possible for determining that it is the
FBI?
Plus when it is DPD plus when I am minus eight and I do this for all g do, you will start from 103
and you will go ten less than it.
Basically I'm just making partitions and checking that I have some.
I have the other answer make the maximum and them because that's what we want rate.
We want the maximum of Buddhism and I want that to be minimized.
That's why we are taking minimum for all the partition.
So it is slightly tricky and confusing, but.
It's really good.
So in the next video recorded and seen the next part.
Yeah.
Or what we can do is let's discuss the time complexity.
So right now we are saying we have two states, which is I go my M and for these states what I'm doing
is I'm doing a work off of an it.
So the complexity will be I into Aminatou and so what is I is nothing but it's with either the indexes
which isn't or the complexities and squaring.
But what is in here?
So it extended to the power tree via Amazon.
It will go back some 50 later.
It established about 16 to 50.
It is 500 entries for the power seven.
It's a dig at the solution to this problem as well.
But this is the complexity deepens giving.
Then the next part, let's call it.
And.